feat(backups,xo-web): add cleanVm warnings to task (#6225)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “Nice enhancement, I'm eager to test it”

> - [Backup] Display warnings on UI (PR [#6207](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6225))

Reviewer: A user will not understand this.

- [Backup] Add setting `backups.metadata.defaultSettings.unconditionalSnapshot` in `xo-server`'s configuration file to force a snapshot even when not required by the backup, this is useful to avoid locking the VM halted during the backup (PR [#6221](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6221))
- [XO Web] Add ability to configure a default filter for Storage [#6236](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/6236) (PR [#6237](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6237))
- [Backup] VMs with USB Pass-through devices are now supported! The advanced _Offline Snapshot Mode_ setting must be enabled. For Full Backup or Disaster Recovery jobs, Rolling Snapshot needs to be anabled as well. (PR [#6239](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6239))

> - [VM backup] Xen Orchestra will now display more warnings and errors happening during backup (PR [#6207](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6225))

Reviewer: @ByScripts What do you think about this phrasing?

```suggestion
- [Backup] Show any detected errors on existing backups instead of fixing them silently (PR [#6207](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6225))
```
